
# Page 16 Column 1
bab babble
babun baboon
babe^d babyhood
bablona&'n Babylonian
baklor baccalaureate
bachl bachelor
bachl^d bachelorhood
bakbon backbone
bakg background
bak'nd backhand
bakd backward
bakd-n backwardness
bakn bacon
baktera&' bacteria
bakter^o( bacteriological
bakter^o(s bacteriologist
bd bad
baj badge
baje~ badger
bdnash badinage
bafl baffle
bag bag
bagtel bagatelle
bgj baggage
bal bail
bat bait

# Page 16 Column 2
bak bake
bakre bakery
bal balance
balkne balcony
bold bald
bal bale
balad ballad
balas ballast
balun balloon
balut ballot
bam balm
bolsm balsam
balustra balustrade
bambuz bamboozle
ban ban
banl banal
ban^l banality
bnana banana
band band
bandj bandage
bando bandeau
ban-dt bandit
bang bang
banesh banish
bank bank
bankp bankrupt
bankpse bankruptcy

# Page 16 Column 3
bane~ banner
banke_t banquet
ban-tm bantam
baptes Baptist
baptiz baptize
bar bar
brb barb
brba~n barbarian
brbrsm barbarism
brb^r barbarity
brbrus barbarous
brbr barber
ba~d bard
bar bare
bargn bargain
barj barge
bareton baritone
bark bark
brle barley
ba~n barn
ba~n^k barnacle
bar^o barograph
barom barometer
barn baron
barnes baroness
barnet baronet
barsh barouche

# Page 17 Column 1
barak barrack
brl barrel
baren barren
barenn barrenness
barkad barricade 
barer barrier
bareste~ barrister
ba~tn-de~ bartender
ba~te~ barter
basal basal
basm basement
bashf bashful
bashfn bashfulness
bask basic
basn basin
bass basis
basket basket
barelef bas-relief
bas bass
bastnado bastinado
bat bat
bach batch
bath bath
bath, bathe
batn baton
btaln battalion

# Page 17 Column 2
bate~ batter
btl battle
bob bauble
ba bay
banet bayonet
biu bayou
bazar bazaar
bech beach
bekn beacon
bed bead
bedl beadle
bek beak
bem beam
ben bean
bar bear
be~d beard
be~dl beardless
best beast
beste beastly
ba&'tfk beatific
ba&'t^f beatification
ba&'tet beatitude
? btus beauteous
btes beauties
? btef beautiful
? btefi beautify
bte beauty

# Page 17 Column 3
bevr beaver
bekn beckon
bk^e becomingly
bk'n becomingness
bdob bedaub
bdek bedeck
bdlam bedlam
bdrag bedraggle
bdredn bedridden
bdrm bedroom
bdspred bedspread 
be bee
bech beech
bechnut beechnut
bechtre beechtree
bef beef
betl beetle
bfo befall
bfet befit
bf'nd beforehand
bftm beforetime
bf-r befriend
bgan began
bgr beggar
bgren beggarliness
bgen begin
bgene~ beginner

# Page 18 Column 1
bgn begone
bgnj begrudge
bgi beguile
bgimn beguilement
bgn begun
bf behalf
b'av behave
b'avr behavior
b'ed behead
b'el beheld
b'est behest
bi behind
b'ind behindhand
bol behold
b'uv behoove
blfre belfry
beli belie
be belief
be believe
be^b believable
be^r believer
blet belittle
belekos bellicose
belejns belligerence
belejse belligerency
belej belligerent
belo bellow 
blng belong

# Page 18 Column 2
blo below
blt belt
bmon bemoan
bench bench
bend bend
bendb bendable
bendr bender
bneth beneath
bnedek benedict
bnedektn benedictine
bnedsh benediction
bnfaksh benefaction
bnfaktr benefactor
bnfaktres benefactress
bnefesns beneficence
bnefeshnt beneficent
bnfesh beneficial
bnfeshre beneficiary
bnf benefit
bnev benevolence
? benit benight
bni benign
bnegse benignancy
bneg benignant
bnum benumb
bnum-mn benumbment
bnzen benzine

# Page 18 Column 3
bnzot benzoate
bke_th bequeath
bkes bequest
bera berate
berev bereave
berevmn bereavement
bereft bereft
bere berry
berth berth
bsech beseech
bset best
bsetmn bestment
bsi beside
bsej besiege
bsehe~ besieger
bsme~ besmear
bsmech besmirch
bspate`bespatter
bsp bespeak
bes best
bste` bestir
bsto bestow
bsto,l bestowal
bet bet
bth, bethink
btra betray
btral betrayal

# Page 19 Column 1
btrothl betrothal
bt better
btmn betterment
btn between
bte_x betwixt
bvl bevel
bvrj beverage
beve bevy
ba_l bewail
ba_r beware
be_ldr bewilder
be_ch bewitch
bon beyond
bing biangular
binl biannual
bis bias
bib bible
bib^c biblical
bib^oi bibliography
bcrbnat bicarbonate
bsen-tnre bicentenary
bsen-tnl bicentennial
bseps biceps
bclori bichloride
becr bicker
boul bicolor
bis^c bicycle

# Page 19 Column 2
bed bid
bedn bidden
bede~ bidder
bid bide
ba&'na&'l biennial
bg big
bgme bigamy
bgr bigger
bges biggest
bgt bigot
bgtre bigotry
beshu bihou
bletl biliteral
blbor billboard
belet billet
bl'ed billnead
bla~d billiard
bmetlk bimetallic
bmetlsm bimetallism
bmnthe bimontyly
bmuskeu bimuscular
binre binary
bind bind
bindre bindery
bn^k binnacle
bnokeu binocular
b^or biographer

# Page 19 Column 3
b^ok biographic
b^okl biographical
b^oe biography
? b^o biologic
? b^o biological
b^os biologist
? b^o biology
bplan biplane
berch birch
be~d bird
be~dla birdlike
be~ds^a Bird's-eye
bethda birthday
besket biscuit
bsek bisect
bsektr bisector
beshup biship 
beshupdm bishopdom
besmuth bismuth
bisn bison
bet bet
bit bite
bte~ bitter
bte~^n betterness
bevk bivouac
bezar bizarre
blak black
blakbol blackball

# Page 20 Column 1
blakbe blackberry
blakbe~d blackbird
blakls blacklist
blakma~ blackmail
blaknes blackness
blaksmeth blacksmith
blade~ bladder
blad blade
blam blame
blamf blameful
blaml blameless
blamthe blameworthy
blanch blanch
blandshmn blandishment
blande| blandly
blandn blandness
blank blank
blanket blanket
blar blare
blasa, blase
blafem blaspheme
blasfeme blasphemy
blast blast
blatnt blatant
bla,z blaze
blazn blazon
blech bleach

# Page 20 Column 2
blek bleack
blekes bleakest
bkeln bleakness
bler blear
blet
bleat
bled bleed
blemsh blemish
blemch blench
blend blend
bles bless
bli blight
blind blind
blink blink
bles bliss
blesf blissful
blesfn blissfulness
bleste~ blister
blith blithe
blithsm blithesome
bleza~d blizzard
blot bloat
blok block
blokad blockade
blok'us blockhouse
blond blond
blud blood
blodl bloodless

# Page 20 Column 3
blodshot bloodshot
blum bloom
blum^e bloomingly
blosm blossom
blot blot
blote~ blotter
blaus blouse
blo blow
blon blown
blo^au blow-out
blbr blubber
bljn bludgeon
blu blue
bluf bluff
blufr bluffer
blndr blunder
blnt blunt
blr blur
blet blurt
blsh blush
bluste~ bluster
blustrus blusterous
bo^cs^kr boa constrictor
bor board
bode~ boarder
bost boast
bot boat

# Page 21 Column 1
btsa_n boatswain
bobn bobbin
bodes bodice
bo^e bodily
bodken bodkin
bo body
bg bog
bo,'ema&'n Bohemian
boelr boiler
boestrus boisterous
bold bold
boldn boldness
bolste~ boster
bolt bolt
bolte~ bolter
bom bomb
bmba~d bombard
bmbas bombast
b^f bona fide
bonbon bonbon
bond bond
bondj bondage
bond^r bondholder
bondsmn bondsman
bon bone
bonet bonnet
bonus bonus

# Page 21 Column 2
bk book
bobindr bookbinder
bkk bookkeeper
bum boom
bun boon
bust boost
but buut
buth booth
buz booze
borax borax
bode` border
bor bore
borek boric
bon born
bon borne
bro borough
boro borrow
busm bosom
bos boss
btnek botanic
btn^c botanical
btnes botanist
btne botany
boch botch
both bother
botl bottle
btm bottom

# Page 21 Column 3
bau bough
bot bought
bulon bouillon 
blvd boulevard
bns bounce
bn bound
bnre boundary
bnl boundless
? bntus bounteous
? bntef bountiful
bnte bounty
buka bouquet
brbn Bourbon
bursha, bourgeois
baut bout
bovin bovine
baur bower
bol bowl
boldr bowlder
bostring bowstring
box box
boe boy
boe^kt boycott
boe^d boyhood
bras brace
braslet bracelet
braket bracket

# Page 22 Column 2
brag brage
bragdosh braggadocio
braga~t braggart
brad braid
bran brain
brak brake
branch branch
brand brand
brandsh brandish
bras brass
bravado bravado
brav brave
braver bravery
bravo bravo
brol brawl
bron brawn
bronen brawniness
brone brawny
braziln Brazilian
brech breach
bred bread
bredth breadth
brak break
brakb breakable
brakj breakage
breth breath
? breth breathe

# Page 22 Column 2
brethl breathless
brethle breathlessly
brethln breathlessness
bre,z breeze
brezen breeziness
brethn brethren
brev breve
br^v brevity
bru brew
brure brewery
brib bribe
bribre bribery
brikbrak bric-a-brac
brek brick
bridl bridal
brid bride
bredl bridle
bref brief
bregad brigade
bri bright
britn brighten
brite brightly
britn brightness
brelse brilliancy
brel brilliant
brem brim

# Page 22 Column 3
brimf brimful
breml brimless
brin brine
br bring
brink brink
brisk brish
brisl bristle
bretna&' Britannia
bretnek britannic
bretsh British
bnetn Briton
bretl britlle
broch broach
brod broad
brodn broaden
brodsi broadside
brocad brocade
broshu brochure
broel broil
brok broke
brokr broker
brocrj brkerage
buomi bromide
bronkl bronchial
bronk^ts bronchitiis
bronko brocho
bronz bronze

# Page 23 Column 1
broch brooch
brud brood 
bruk brook 
brum broom 
bruth brother
bruth^d brotherhood
brothla brother-in-law
bruthen brotherliness
brum brougham
brau brow
brn brown
brus bruise
brunet brunette
brnt brunt
brsh brush
brusk brusque
brutl brutal
brut^l brutality
brutliz brutalize
bruta| brutally
brut brute
bub bubble
buk buck
bukbor buckboard
buket bucket
buki buckeye
bkl buckle

# Page 23 Column 2
blram buckram
bud bud
buj budge
bujet budget
buf Buffalo
vufa buffet
buge buggy
beugl bugle
bl build
blr builder
blt built
blb bulb
blj bulge
blk bulk
blken bulkiness
blke bulky
bulet bullet
buletn buletin
buln bullion
bulrk bulwark
bmp bump
bmkin bumpkin
bmshus bumptious
buch bunch
buchen bunchiness
bnl bundle
bnlo bungalow

# Page 23 Column 3
bngl bungle
? bneun bunion
bnk bunk
bnt' bunting
boe buoy
boense bouyancy
boent buiyant
be~dn burden
buro bureau
burok^a bureaucratic
bujes burgess
berglr burglar
berglre burglary
begnde Burgundy
bera&'l burial
brlap burlap
brpask burlesque
be~n burn
be~nsh burnish
be~n-t burnt
brst burst
bsh bushel
bese| busily
bs business
bsla buisnesslike
bese busy
besebo busybody

# Page 24 Column 1
bche~ butcher
butlr butler
bute~ butter
butfli butterfly

# Page 24 Column 2
butn button
butn'ol buttonhole
butres buttress
buxm buxom

# Page 24 Column 3
? buz buzz
buzad buzzard
bi^gn bygone
bilo by law

